add contribution guidelines (#267)
patternfly/training-scenarios: README.md

  2. React: Basic: React principles and customization
  3. React components: React components including select, table, and toolbar.
  4. React Charts: Reat chart components including, Area, bar, bullet, donut, donut utilization, line, pie, sparkline and stack charts.
  5. None of the above. Suggestion for a new category.
6. Approximate length of the module
    1. Short ( < 5 mins)
    2. Medium  ( < 15 mins)
    3. Long (> 30 mins)

## Setup development environment and plan out your scenario

Once your proposal has been approved by our team you can start developing. We suggest following this order:

1. Write the title, description and sub-steps for each step in a document. This will help to organize your thoughts.
2. It is not possible to run your code locally when developing in Katacoda so we suggest using CodePen or CodeSandbox to test the working code for your example.
3. Once you feel confident in your steps and code examples, fork our repository: https://github.com/patternfly/training-scenarios.
4. Add the new module to the repository.
5. Push up the addition and submit a Pull Request.
6. Tag at least two members of the PatternFly team to review your Pull Request.

> To see your changes live on Katacoda before being merged:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see your changes on Katacoda before they're merged:
```

> 7. Submit a second Pull Request that merges changes from the new branch on your fork, to the master branch on your fork, and merge the changes.

Reviewer: These should be new steps, starting from 1. The previous set of steps (1 – 6) were dev instructions. Then we say, "To see your changes live," which involve a new set of instructions.

8. Create a (Katacoda profile)[https://katacoda.com/profile/settings ] if you don’t have one.

>     1. Update your Git Scenario Repository to be your forked training-scenarios repository. E.g. https://github.com/[username]/training-scenarios

Reviewer: Let's not do a sub-numbers under numbers. They look confusing.

>     1. Update your Git Scenario Repository to be your forked training-scenarios repository. E.g. https://github.com/[username]/training-scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update your Git Scenario Repository to be your forked training-scenarios repository (e.g., https://github.com/[username]/training-scenarios).
```

> 9. Copy the “Git Webhook Secret”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Copy the **Git Webhook Secret.**
```

> 10. In your forked training-scenarios repository add a new Github Webhook. It is under Settings > Webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In your forked training-scenarios repository, navigate to **Settings** > **Webhooks**, and add a new Github Webhook.
``` 
(We want to use the "Location, Action" structure when giving instructions. So we want to tell a user where to go (Settings > Webhooks) before telling them what to do (GitHub Webhook).

Reviewer 2: 11. In your forked training-scenarios repository add a new Github Webhook. It is under Settings > Webhooks.

>     1. Update the Payload URL to be https://editor.katacoda.com/scenarios/updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update the Payload URL to **https://editor.katacoda.com/scenarios/updated**.
```

>     2. Add your copied secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Add your copied secret.
```

>     3. Click: “Update webhook”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Click **Update webhook**.
```

> 11. Find more information (here)[https://katacoda.com/teach/git-hosted-scenarios].

Reviewer: This needs to be a descriptive, contextual hyperlink for accessibility purposes. We should avoid verbiage like "click here," as that's not good for accessibility.

> 11. Find more information (here)[https://katacoda.com/teach/git-hosted-scenarios].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Find more information (at Katacoda.com)[https://katacoda.com/teach/git-hosted-scenarios].
```

## File structure

### Update the category pathway

Update the relevant `pathway.json` file so that the new module will be added to its category. Examples include: `html-css-pathway.json`, `react-components-pathway.json`, and `react-pathway.json`. You will need to add an ID, title, and description.

### Add an index.json file for the module

> The `index.json` file is where the information about the module is defined and the structure is established. Below is a template `index.json` file that you should follow. (Katacoda provides more information)[https://www.katacoda.com/docs/scenarios/index-json].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `index.json` file is where the information about the module is defined and the structure is established. Below is a template `index.json` file that should be followed. (Katacoda provides more information)[https://www.katacoda.com/docs/scenarios/index-json].
```

  "difficulty": Choose between beginner, intermediate, advanced. There is more information below on how to decide.
  "time": Provide users with an estimated or average time to complete the module, e.g. 20 minutes.
  "details": {
    "intro": {
      "text": "intro.md",
      "code": "env-init.sh",
      "credits": ""
    },
    "steps": [
      {
        "title": Title for the step.
        "text": Filename containing the body for the step.
        "answer": Filename containing the answer for the step.
      },
      {
        "title": Title for the step.
        "text": Filename containing the body for the step.
        "answer": Filename containing the answer for the step.
      }
    ],
    "finish": {
      "text": "finish.md"
    }
  },
  "files": ["index.html", "myapp.scss"],
  "environment": {
    "showdashboard": true,
    "delayToSaveFileAfterStopTypingMilliseconds": 2000,
    "autoFormatEnable": false,
    "dashboards": [
      {"name": "Web Application", "port": 3000}
    ],
    "uilayout": "editor-iframe-split",
    "uisettings": html or javascript
  },
  "backend": {
    "imageid": "node",
    "port": 3000
  }
}
```

## Content and steps

> When writing out the steps for your tutorial please follow these guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing out the steps for the tutorial please follow these guidelines:
```

    * Correct: Toolbar component with filter.

### Description

* Purpose: To accurately describe the purpose of the module. The description should be 1--2 sentences. Avoid "you" or "we".
    * Incorrect: You will build a React table with pagination.
    * Correct: Build a React table with pagination.

### Difficulty level

* Purpose: To communicate the difficulty level of the module to the user.
    * Beginner: For those new to PatternFly or new to a concept in PatternFly.
    * Intermediate: For those familiar with PatternFly. Assumes that a user has some prior experience with PatternFly.
    * Advanced: For regular PatternFly users. Modules involve higher level PatternFly React and PatternFly CSS concepts.

### Estimated time

* Purpose: To estimate the time that it will take the user to complete the module.

### Introduction page

* Purpose: To introduce the user to the module content. The introduction is always a critical part of any course. It is important to be brief, but clear about what information will be covered. The approximate length should be 3-5 sentences.
    * Incorrect: PatternFly React charts are fun to use. (Not enough information about the module's content).

>     * Correct: PatternFly consists of isolated and modular structures that fall into three categories: Components: Components are modular and independent structures concerned with presentation. Layouts: Layouts allow for organizing and grouping their immediate children on the page. Demos: Demos illustrate how to assemble complex structures with components and layouts only. Utilities: Utilities are a set of classes that enable you to further customize and modify elements in your project without having to write any custom CSS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Correct: PatternFly consists of isolated and modular structures that fall into three categories: Components: Components are modular and independent structures concerned with presentation. 
  
- Layouts: Layouts allow for organizing and grouping their immediate children on the page. 
- Demos: Demos illustrate how to assemble complex structures with components and layouts only. 
-  Utilities: Utilities are a set of classes that enable that customize and modify elements in the module without having to write any custom CSS.

```

Author: we mentioned to use sentences here so why would we break them into bullets?

### Step title

* Purpose: To inform the user what step they are on within the module. Use sentence case, be clear and concise, be actionable, and use present tense.

>     * Incorrect: 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Incorrect: Step 1
```

### Sub-sub-steps

* Purpose: To group multiple actions within the same sub-step when those actions should be formed together to produce a result. Use a) b) c).

### Referencing file names or code

* Purpose: Any reference to a file name or example of code such as `app.js` or `index.html` should be wrapped in `backticks`.
    * Incorrect: The landing page will be defined within the index.html file.
    * Correct: The landing page will be defined within the `index.html` file.

### Notes

* Purpose: To provide supplemental information on a concept or process. Do not include information in notes when that information is necessary to the step. Notes and titles should be bolded.
    * Incorrect: The third step is adding row labels.
    * Correct: The table component is used to help display tabular data or content.

### Hints

* Purpose: To provide the user with a clue about what they should do for that instruction. 

### Feedback link

* Purpose: To gather feedback from users after completing a module.
    1. In the `finish.md` file, add a link to our module survey so that feedback can be recorded.

>     2. Use this link: https://redhatdg.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_bIRZRHYJyGsKBSt?Module=

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    2. Use this [link to the survey](https://redhatdg.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_bIRZRHYJyGsKBSt?Module=)
```
